# pickmypc
Computer selector website

Pick My PC will be a website built on Flask through Python. The goal of the website is to help people decide what computer they should buy to most accurately fit their needs. The website will ask the user a series of questions, in a similar fashion to the game “20 questions”, and eventually the user will reach an ending where an optimally configured system will be presented to them. For example, the first question may be “Do you need a desktop or a laptop?”, followed by “What is your budget?”. Budgeting should be done in chunks to lower the amount of work that has to be done: Possibly in chunks of $50. A user will have to choose from a predetermined budget, which will still allow for enough control over their result. For example, a person wanting a $300 laptop system for work or school will yield a different result than a person wanting a $350 laptop system for work or school. The questions, like in the example, should be easy to comprehend for even people who have little to no experience with technology. It would work well in an algorithm format, with predetermined end results set for each category of computer system for each budget chunk. The results could contain two options: An active link to an online listing containing the end result system for sale, alongside a specification sheet containing the optimal configuration that would best fit the user’s needs. In the case that the listing was no longer available, the user could search themselves for systems that match the specifications on the sheet. The most daunting task would be the job of actively keeping up with what was being sold and trying to make sure every algorithm end result has an active link to a system.
	On every page, there would be an explanative and energetic tutorial video going through the steps to choose a system. The video would showcase the ease at which a user can reach a conclusion that is right for them.
	The website will be a free service, and it will run advertisements on the sidebars to help generate revenue. The domain pickmypc.org is only $12 per year, but if the website generated some success, it could be a potential source of personal income.
	Without actually starting on the project, it is difficult to find which tutorials will be needed to reach a working product. However, a good starting point is to figure out how to get Flask to take input data and display a new question based on the input received. After some research, it seems to be possible to use Flask to take data from a form input on a website. The data the user input would determine which question is shown to them next, keeping them on a path to reach their optimal solution. This is a serious upgrade from a page-by-page website layout, and should drastically decrease extra work
